the film joker starts in such a city
where lower and upper straight
live together but wealthy people did not
support the poor people
the movie revolves around arthur who
lives in this city with his mother
[Music]
he loved comedy and wanted to become a
great comedian one day
his ideal was a host who had a great
comedy show
he wished that one day he will be with
him on his show
he used to work hard for it
[Music]
then arthur is shown who is standing
holding a signboard of a company
some mischievous boys appear there they
run away after teasing him and snatching
his sign
he runs after those kids to take back
but those kids make him run and hit that
board on his face
as a result sign is broken and then they
also beat
arthur being disheartened he directly
moves to his employer
he tells the whole story of what has
been done to him by the kids
he says are you in your senses how can
the kids do this
he says i will also not pay your wages
author has low confidence so he cannot
argue in his favor here
being dejected he goes outside he thinks
that he is too worse that no one
believes him coming back to his house
he begins to dance it is shown here that
he is also physically weak
next day author tells about those kids
to his co-worker
his co-worker says to him it was wrong
and you should take care of yourself he
says giving a gun to him
that keep it in your possession this
will help you in the time of trouble
then arthur leaves for his house he is
in a bus and there is a kid sitting
before him
he tries to make him laugh the boy
begins to laugh loudly
his mother is infuriated on this she
says to arthur
don't disturb us but arthur starts
laughing on it
actually arthur suffers from some sort
of the mental disorder
he cannot control his laughter and
starts laughing anywhere
so he then gives a card to that lady in
which his condition is explained
coming to his house he takes his
medication
this medication was costly and he was
not financially well
so he used to take this medication from
the government medical store
one day he visits his psychiatrist she
says to arthur
show me your diary opening his diary
she finds a statement that i don't want
to die awfully as i have spent my life
then arthur goes to his house and his
mother asks him
have you received any letter sent from
thomas
arthur responds no his mother says to
him that he will surely support us after
knowing our condition
next day arthur encounters a single
mother with her daughter
on the way returning to his house when
he returns to his house
his mother again asks about the same
letters
arthur says he will not support us and
asks what is your connection with him on
next day
that single mother comes to arthur's
house
she says to him i am noticing that you
are chasing me
author replies i like you that girl
begins to smile
they soon develop a friendship arthur
again
receives an opportunity for comedian job
at the children's hospital
when arthur is dancing at the hospital
the gun falls out from his pocket
all kids are scared and the whole
faculty is surprised
he is then also fired from this job as
the news spreads
he calls his employer and says it is
just a toy gun
his employer says don't lie your
co-worker has told everything to me
arthur is again disheartened thinking
his co-worker had done wrong with him
then it is shown arthur is returning
back by train
there are also three businessmen in the
train
they are harassing a girl in the train
author begins to laugh because of his
mental disorder
but those three men think that he is
laughing at them
they beated him up arthur was trying to
tell them about his condition but three
of them didn't hear him at all
being aggressive author takes out his
gun and kills all of them
he flees thinking he has murdered three
persons
he then locks himself in a lavatory in
the beginning
he was fearing but suddenly he starts to
dance
as he was not regretful tv is
broadcasting the news as he comes home
thomas is talking there he tells that
three people who were murdered
they were his men and they were killed
by a clown here the poor people
are supporting the clown instead of
feeling sorry for these three people
they are protesting against the rich
people in the appearance of clowns
arthur visits his psychiatrist she tells
we are meeting today for the last time
because government has stopped funding
us
and i cannot treat you without any cost
arthur is again dejected
then arthur comes on the show where he
is making others laugh
he is unable to make them laugh in
anxiety
he begins to laugh loudly and his show
is disturbed
when he comes back to his house his
mother says
my son post his letter which is for
thomas
author does not believe when he reads it
he asks
his mother why did you keep it secret
from me
his mother tells him she did not do it
deliberately
thomas and i had feelings for each other
even we wanted to marry
but i belong to the poor family while he
was rich
arthur leaves to meet his father when he
reaches there
thomas own son is there behind the back
of the gate
author begins to show his childish
behavior before him
he also tries to make him laugh meantime
thomas domestic work approaches there he
says to that kid
it is not good to talk with a stranger
and he asks arthur to leave
arthur says i will leave after revealing
the truth
my mother served for 30 years for thomas
house
they used to like each other and i am
not the son of another person but thomas
the domestic worker says to him you and
your mother are both mad
hearing it author feels ill and leaves
from there
coming to his house he comes to know
that his mother had a heart attack
and she is shifted to the hospital two
police officers arrive to him as he is
sitting outside
they ask him do you know about the three
victims who were murdered in the train
arthur says no how can i know
he knows that her mother has also been
interrogated
which caused the heart attack then on
the tv comes arthur's favorite tv host
he starts watching his show finally at
the first sight
his own face is shown on the tv actually
arthur's ideal was making fun of him
when arthur was unable to control his
laughter in a comedy show
in this way author is badly hurt
thinking my ideal is making fun of me
i had got motivation from him he is not
believing on it
thomas comes to the house and tv is
broadcasting news
that city's circumstances have gone
worse
poor strata has come on the road putting
on the clown makeup
and they are protesting against the
aristocratic people
much enmity has increased among them and
they are all opponent of thomas
arthur is much excited knowing it all
had put on the clown makeup
he feels that his work has been
complemented for the first time
now the place where the poor strata were
revolting was a theater
the aristocratic people were watching a
movie in the theater
thomas was also there police arrived
there in order to stop that riot
taking the advantage of this alpha moves
inside the theater
he goes to the lavatory of theater where
thomas had also come
arthur says to him politely while going
to him
i am your son thomas says to him i don't
know about any lady by this name
and he strongly punches him as a result
his nose begins to bleed author returns
to his house
he receives the call of police officer
they wanted to interrogate arthur
about that day when those three men had
been killed
author also comes to know that his
best-loved comedian has invited him on
his show
actually the comedy clip of arthur which
he had played in his show had gone viral
he is extremely excited but he thinks
that thomas domestic worker had told
that my mother is insane
so he visits a psychiatric hospital
where her mother had been treated
he asks the record of his mother from
them
he runs away after stealing that file
record
there was a written statement that
arthur's mother was in a relationship
with another person
he used to torture her physically arthur
had also received an
injury on his head so he is suffering
this disease today
he directly moves to his friend's single
mother from there
here it is revealed that she does not
exist
she was just the part of his
imaginations he used to visualize her
arthur is much worried because of his
mother's wound
going to hospital he chokes his mother
to death with pillow
coming to the house he finds a photo
with a written statement at its back
that
and this photo belonged to his mother he
realizes here that his mother was not
telling a lie
he begins to apply his clown makeup
being dejected
he is blank about the happenings around
him
then his same co-worker appears there he
says i want to interrogate about your
mother's recent murder and the killing
of three persons in train
author thinks they have again come to
make their life a chaos
and here he kills his co-worker
violently
after this now he was preparing to go to
his favorite comedians
show he is very excited and he is going
while dancing on the way
both police officers also arrive there
who were detecting the train incident
but arthur runs away he boards a train
while running
there were also many people wearing
clown costume
police cannot search him among number of
people
getting chance of it he comes out from
there
and he goes to his favorite comedians
show
he asked are you also in clown look
are you also revolting against
aristocratic people
author requests him don't expose me
before the people accept this fact
that i am an ordinary clown then their
live
transmission is started onlookers get
excited
watching him they are appreciating it
arthur's favorite comedian asks him a
question there that
why have you come here putting on the
clown makeup
he replies i always wanted to be happy
and i also wanted to distribute the
bliss among people
people liked me in this look so i
preferred to come as such
here he also talks something shocking he
tells everyone in this live transmission
that
the killed people and train have been
murdered by me
he says i revealed it before you because
many poor people
ended till now many people of upper
class violently killed the poor people
has anyone given attention or tell me if
someone missed the victims
why do the people are raising their
voice if i have killed any wealthy man
it is not your sympathy at all if you
have invited me in this
show you did it as such because the
popularity of your show was increasing
due to my presence
but arthur's favorite comedian says it
is not at all
arthur is angered saying are you still
telling a lie
he fires his gun on him before everyone
taking it out
people are frightened and begin to run
outside but arthur is seen confident
here
he is not fearing anyone police seizes
clown arthur on this crime
and begin to take him far getting him
into the vehicle
but arthur observes that there are many
people supporting him on the way
some of them get in the ambulance and
they crash it driving speedily with the
police car
so the police car is crashed and the
clown has come outside now
he stands on the same vehicle uniting
with those people
all people were looking at him and
complimenting him with joy
his mouth and nose were bleeding but he
draws a smiling curve with the blood and
begins to laugh
spreading his hand actually it was such
a smile which concealed pain and grief
now he had become the ideal of everyone
he was satisfied with it
as people were complimenting him in the
end on the other side
thomas comes on the scene who is leaving
this city with his current wife
and son but a clown standing aside kills
them
firing his gun but he does not harm
their son
then the location changes and arthur is
seen with psychiatrist he is
also laughing there that psychiatric
says to him
why do you continue to laugh for no
reason arthur says to her
you will never be able to understand
this feeling
saying it he comes outside his outsole
of shoes were filled with blood
it reveals how a pious man turned into a
murderer
and the movie also completes on this
scene